This program provides the rotten tomato rating of a tv show the user wants to search and fetches the main character of the tv show. When a user selects a tv show from the provided list of five tv shows, it will scrape that information from the corresponding Rotten Tomato web. Then, the program will fetch the href link that is associated with the actor, open it, and scrape the third information, three movies of that actor in the order of highest rotten tomato ranking. Lastly, the three movie titles will be individually used to scrape the IMDb rating using Google Search API. 

The motivation for this project came from my objective when choosing a movie to watch. The data obtained from this program is a useful movie recommendation mechanism. Many people take movie ratings into consideration when choosing a movie to watch in their leisure time. Since watching a movie takes two to three hours of time and the cost of a single movie varies, people consider several things when choosing a movie. One factor that is often considered during a movie selection is the movie rating. Movie ratings are averaged by many viewers, so people often have credibility in them. The cast is another factor. If one enjoyed a movie and the main characters acting and therefore wishes what other movies that actor is in, this mechanism recommends the three highly rated movies of an actor. The list of three movies has narrowed down the options for the user. Then, with the provided IMDb score, the user can further determine whether to watch that movie or not. Although the movies are the top highest rated movies on rotten tomato, they could be lowly rated on IMDb. Therefore, a user can reflect this data when selecting a movie. 

This program does not draw conclusions itself, but it provides the data that the user can self-analyze and make the decision whether a movie is worth investing their time and money in. The credibility of the two companies differs for individuals, so individuals will decide which movie to watch based on the provided data. 

This program can be maintained unless the Rotten Tomato pages or IMDB web change their code content. Furthermore, this program can be improved further to not just search given tv shows, but other movies that have rotten tomato scores. For now, this was not possible due to the variety of content-coding of tv shows, movies, and actors' filmography pages on Rotten Tomato. Also, some actors did not have a sufficient amount of movies rated on Rotten Tomato. If more time is invested, this program could improve to where a user can input a movie or a tv show title and obtain appropriate outcomes. In further research, help from expert data scientists can assist to fetch the information when the code contents vary. When this program is sufficiently improved, this could be developed into a movie recommendation app or a web service where people can easily grasp the ratings of a tv show, the main actor and his top filmographies, and IMDb scores for the movies. 